c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.exe.config
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.exe
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.pdb
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\obj\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.exe
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\obj\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.pdb
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\images\knuck.png
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.exe.manifest
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\bin\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.application
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\obj\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.exe.manifest
c:\users\niko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\knucklesbot rewritten\knucklesbot rewritten\obj\Debug\knucklesbot rewritten.application
